Preferences & Persistent Attributes in Gnumeric

** Task:  
To have persistent workbook attributes, such as grid line color, default
style for empty cells, and the host of of excel options, for which I
have already generated a list.  In addition some application wide
preferences like user defined plugin directories also need to be done.
Workbook attributes should have the ability to undone and redone.

** Idea:  
The application wide preferences will be done via the usual gnome-config
system.  A preferences struct available globally can store various
values.

Workbook attributes will be handled by GtkArgs.  Attributes can be
written to the workbook in a standard way, something like: <attribute
name="grid-colour" type=12><value>124523</value></attribute>.  This can
be handled by a method like xml_write_attribute(parse_xml_context_t
*ctxt, GtkArg *arg).  Complex types (ie other objects) can be done be
multiple <value> tags and probably nested attributes.  The list of args
can be obtained with a method like workbook_get_attribute_array(Workbook
*wb).  

When the attributes are read back in they can all be set with a method
like workbook_set_attribute(Workbook *wb, gchar *name, gint type,
gpointer value).  
 
Attribute values can be obtain similarly with gpointer
workbook_get_attribute(Workbook *wb, gchar *name) and then used.

Undo/Redo can then be done via a generic interface for all attributes,
ie cmd_attribute_set(Workbook *wb, gchar *name, gint type, gpointer
value) and then a simple structure to store the previous value and type
will be able to manage the undo/redo - similar to the cmd_set_text
methods.

Finally, a dialog can be built and then use the get_attribute method
populate itself and the cmd_attribute_set method to set values that can
be undone/redone.


Excel Preferences

Legend:		cb - checkbox
		rb - radio button set
		cs - color selector
		bt - button
		cm - combo box
		en - entry area
		sp - spinner

Application
	* Show formula bar (boolean)
	* Show status bar (boolean)
	* Comment display: none, indicator, indicator and comment (choice)
	* Calculations: automatic, auto except tables, manual (choice)
		- manual has a boolean attribute for calcing before save
		- the are buttons to calc the sheet and calc now
	* Iteration (boolean)
		- not sure what this is doing exactly
	* Maximum iterations (integer value)
		- not sure what this is doing exactly (related to 
		iteration)
	* Minimum change (real value)
		- not sure what this is doing exactly (related to 
		iteration)
	* Edit directly in cell (boolean)
		- if true, cursor in cell else cursor in entry box
	* Allow cell drag and drop (boolean)
		- additional attribute if true, Alert before overwriting
		(boolean)
	* Move selection after enter (boolean)
		- additional attribute if true, Direction of movement:
		up, down, left, right (choice)
	* Fixed number of decimals places (boolean)
		- additional attribute if true, Number of decimal places
		(integer value)
	* Cut, copy, and sort objects with cells (boolean)
	* Ask to update automatic links (boolean)
	* Provide feedback with Animation (boolean)
		- not exactly sure what this does
	* Enable AutoComplete for cell values (boolean)	

Workbook
	* Object display: show all, show placeholders, hide all (choice)
	* Horizontal scrollbar (boolean)
	* Vertical scrollbar (boolean)
	* Sheet tabs (boolean)	
	* Update remote references during calc (boolean)
	* Keep only as much precision as displayed (boolean)
	* Use 1904 date system (boolean)
		- converts dates
		- seems to indicate use of a 1904-2004 sliding date window
	* Accept labels in formulae (boolean)
		- converts labels to cell references
	* Save external link values (boolean)
		- I think this keeps the last known external link value
		with the workbook instead of only relying on the reference

Sheet
	* Grid lines (boolean)
	* Grid line colour (colour or auto/default)
	* Row and column headers (boolean)
	* Page break indicators (boolean)
	* Show formulae (boolean)
	* Show zero values (boolean)
	* Show outline symbols (boolean)

**General
	Settings:
		R1C1 reference style (cb)
		Ignore other applications (cb)
		Macro virus protection (cb)
		Recently used file list (cb)
			 Entries (sp)
		Prompt for workbook properties (cb)
		Provide feedback with sound (cb)
		Zoom on roll with Intellimouse		
	<Separator>:
		Sheets in new workbook (sp)
		Standard Font (cm)
		Standard Size (sp)
		Default file location (en)
		Alternate startup file location (en)
		User name (en)
		
**Transition
	<Separator>:
		Save Excel files as (cm)
	Settings:
		Microsoft Excel menu or Help key (en)
		Microsoft Excel menus-Lotus 1-2-3 Help (rb)
		Transition navigation keys (cb)
	Sheet Options:
		Transition formula evaluation (cb)
		Transition formula entry (cb)

**Custom Lists
	Interface to allow custom list creation - can import
	from cells as well. 

**Chart
	Active chart:
	        Plot empty cells as -> Not plotted-Zero-Interpolated (rb)
	        Plot visible cells only (cb)
	        Chart sizes with window frames (cb)
	Chart tips:
		Show names (cb)
		Show values (cb)

**Color
	<Separator>:
		Standard colors (cs)
		Chart fills (cs)
		Chart lines (cs)
		Copy colors from (cm)
